Assessment
===

### Question 1
**Q:** If you are building a class that inherits from an abstract base class, you must override all of its abstract methods in order to instantiate it.  
**A:** True

### Question 2
**Q:** There's a file called `hello.txt` that contains some text. What will this Python script do?

```python
f = open("hello.txt", "r")
print(f.readline())
print(f.readline())
g = open("hello.txt", "r")
print(g.readline())
print(g.readline())
```

**A:** The first two lines will be printed twice

### Question 3
**Q:** What will the following code output?

```python
import os
import subprocess
os.environ['HELLO'] = "BLOU"
subprocess.Popen(["/bin/sh", "-c", "echo $HELLO"])
```

**A:** It won't output anything

### Question 4
**Q:** What is the result of the following expression?

```python
a = {x for x in 'abracadabra' if x not in 'abc'}
```

**A:** set

### Question 5
**Q:** What will `print(a)` display after this statement?

```python
a = {5:1, 5.0:2}
```

**A:** {5: 2}

### Question 6
**Q:** When using asyncio, the keyword `await`...  
**A:** Passes control back to the event loop

### Question 7
**Q:** What is the expected output of the following code?

```python
async def do():
    await asyncio.sleep(1)

async def main():
    await asyncio.gather(do(), do(), do())
```

**A:** Executed in 1 second

### Question 8
**Q:** Given the following code:

```python
a = threading.Thread(target=f, daemon=True)
a.start()
b = threading.Thread(target=f, daemon=False)
b.start()
```

Which of the following are true?  
**A:** C. Thread a willshutdown immediately when the program exits, D. Thread b will block the program untili t finishes

### Question 9
**Q:** Under what circumstances will the `__getattr__` magic method be called?  
**A:** Whenever an attribute lookup fails to find a matching instance attribute or class attribute

### Question 10
**Q:** Python objects may be made to behave like built-in objects by...  
**A:** Providing them with appropriate 'dunder methods' (magic methods)

### Question 11
**Q:** What is the purpose of the `__repr__` magic method?  
**A:** To return an unambiguous string representation of the object, ideally in Python syntax

### Question 12
**Q:** What are `__enter__` and `__exit__` methods used for?  
**A:** To implement context managers

### Question 13
**Q:** In Python, the `abc` library...  
**A:** Provides a means for defining abstract base classes

### Question 14
**Q:** Which of the following are NOT levels of severity in the logging library? (Select all that apply)  
**A:** C. MESSAGE, F. URGENT

### Question 15
**Q:**

**A:**

### Question 16
**Q:**

**A:**

### Question 17
**Q:** Which of the following sentences is true?  
- A. Variables are shared between threads  
- B. Variables are shared across processes  
- C. Python doesn't support threads, you must use multiprocessing

**A:** A

### Question 18
**Q:**

**A:**

### Question 19
**Q:**

**A:**

### Question 20
**Q:**

**A:**

### Question 21
**Q:** What is the 'walrus' operator?  
**A:** The walrus operator allows you to assign a value to a variable while also returning the value

### Question 22
**Q:** What is the 'Black' tool?  
**A:** It is a Python code formatter

### Question 23
**Q:** Which of the following are correct variable assignments?  
**A:** A. `test=1`, C. `if(a:=True):`, D. `(a:=False)`

### Question 24
**Q:** Under what circumstances will the `__getattr__` magic method be called?  
**A:** Whenever an attribute lookup fails to find a matching instance attribute or class attribute

### Question 25
**Q:**

**A:**

### Question 26
**Q:**

**A:**

### Question 27
**Q:** True or False: Python enforces types strictly when you provide type annotations in function definitions.  
**A:** False

### Question 28
**Q:** Select all the correct statements. Python supports operator overloading because...  
**A:** B. It provides "dunder methods" to define the behaviour of user-defined types under various operations, D. Any object may define methods such as __add__(), __sub__() etc. 
